hey guy lily sings talk-show is bad the
jokes aren't funny but her delivery
makes him even worse what did the rock
say to the flower
okay bloomer skinny jeans favorite jeans
mom jeans
sounds like a dope genuine zon the
segment seemed half-baked and are often
more confusing than they are funny I'm
going to read you an old-school
definition okay okay and a new school
different definition of popular slang
terms and it's your job to guess the
word and write it down as quick as you
can on the straight of homework that's
right and the entire show is set within
the parameters of a dated format that
they've made no attempt to try and
modernize it's a train wreck that I just
can't bring myself to look away from but
it's also what I'm not totally surprised
by I knew almost immediately that this
was gonna be bad I think it was a girl
is getting her own NBC late-night [__]
out there that's when I did because I've
been familiar with Lily and her content
for a long time and Lilly Singh is not a
comedian let me explain
Lily is wildly successful she has almost
15 million YouTube subscribers she's
been on Forbes top 10 list she has her
own company she wrote a book and she is
the first woman of color to host her own
network late-night show which is
fantastic that's great that we're making
those kinds of strides better late than
never I just wish she was good at it so
I didn't have to make this video so yeah
I've been following the saga as closely
as I have let me bring you up to speed
September 16th pilot comes out already a
disaster I'm very confident and proud of
our first episode I mean of all that
so there were several reasons why Lily
was immediately met with backlash but
more than anything else it was because
she seemed determined to try and figure
out how many ways she could retell the
same Jo monologue about how she's not a
white man song about how she's not a
white man sketch about how she's not a
white man sketch about how she's not oh
I'm starting to think that Lily might
not be no I understand that as a
straight white man myself it's not
really my place to be saying these
things and if I was the only one
critiquing her in this way then the
problem would lie more with me than it
did with Lily however this sentiment
isn't so much coming for me as it is
just me echoing what I've seen from top
comments on these videos from women from
people of color so don't take my word
for it take it from them my stand point
is simply from a comedic angle using the
same joke over and over again shows a
lack of creativity this is the same
reason a lot of people tend to not like
Amy Schumer because there's very little
variety in her material and it gets
stale quickly luckily the other reason
people don't like her is because she's
also a notorious joke thief so as long
as Lily doesn't oh but but moving on
past the show's rocky start it did seem
like after a while some things did start
to change though not necessarily for the
better for one it seemed like NBC might
have stepped in with some notes
specifically about how the audience
isn't laughing enough because all of a
sudden the monologues went from sounding
like this to this that sometimes it gets
stuck in my butt crack I swear it sounds
like they're either pumping in fake
laughs during post-production or they
started instructing the audience to make
more noise even if it wasn't warranted
this actually leads to one of my many
fundamental problems with the show the
audience it is so awkward to watch any
of the studio segments which by the way
is most of the show because the crowd
goes apeshit for every word that she
says cuz I remember the first time I
came out to my friends as a vegetarian
[Applause]
it's so distracting because there's
almost nothing authentic about these
reactions sometimes they're not even
just laughing at the jokes they're
laughing at the setups for the jokes but
I'm freezing what are you laughing at
she hasn't said the funny part yet the
only vegetable I would ever eat is maybe
a tomato okay if that tomato was smashed
up and spread on some bread it may be a
little cheese on there you're just
laughing the whole time she's talking I
get why they're probably directing the
crowd to amp it up for the camera for
one most of the jokes just aren't that
good so if they're only gonna laugh at
things that are actually funny it would
be uncomfortably silent most at the time
but also have you ever watched any other
talk show not just late-night shows
Ellen Jerry Springer [__] dr. Phil
there's hundreds of people in these
rooms for some reason I will assume
budgetary reasons NBC decided they only
needed like 25 people for this show at
that point you're almost better off
having no audience because then there'd
be no expectation for audible laughter
but instead they have to make up for how
small the crowd is by instructing them
to be unnaturally over the top with
their reactions and it's weird as hell
nowadays you just know he's a creep if
he's still spending time and AOL
challenge there's times the words not
the crowd and instead the editing team
that did a terrible job of trying to
sneak fake laughs into the show without
it being obvious take this clip for
example where they reuse the same sound
twice an appropriate response would be
to laugh or to comment haha an
inappropriate response would be to slide
into my DMS and comment kind of funny
could be hotter it's such a distinct
laugh how did you think this would fly
under the radar it's so egregiously bad
in addition to these problems with the
audience the show itself is so overly
scripted that it leaves no room for
authenticity the core of this show
should be the celebrity interviews it
should be nearly impossible to mess
these up and yet they did because the
questions are so meticulously planned
out and tightly structured that there's
no room for banter or genuine moment
everything Lily says in response to the
guests leads so carefully into the next
pre-planned question that it's just not
fun to walk you can see it on the guests
faces they're not having a good time
though in Lily's defense this is
generally a problem with most late-night
talk show the celebrities are always on
these shows to promote something so it's
inevitable that the conversation will be
led there but at least with other shows
like Conan or Seth Meyers even Jimmy
Fallon it's a little bit more
conversational it feels like maybe
they're following bullet points rather
than like a verbatim script and the
appeal of these late-night talk shows is
to see celebrities you like in like a
natural habitat where they're just being
themselves telling a story whatever it
is not doing some poorly written bit
that her writing stack came up with a
perfect example of what I'm talking
about was this episode with Jenny slate
and Kathryn Hahn and the interview
segment was actually great Jenny slate
is very funny and she was able to just
tell a story and Lily didn't interrupt
too much it was fun I would have liked
to see ten more minutes of this but
instead they come back from commercials
and do this almost 7 minute long game I
guess where they're not really talking
to each other anymore it's just Lily
holding up pictures and reading some
dumb joke off cue cards and then they're
just like oh I don't understand why you
can't just talk to them for 15 minutes
why can't that be what this show is
you're three comedians right so just be
funny talk to each other
be natural it'll be funny why does every
segment of the show have to rely on some
lazily written script the absolute worst
case of a segment being too scripted was
this Halloween phone call with Hassan
Minaj as you can see she's dressed up
like him and as you can probably guess
she's going to call him we should give
him a call
yeah she has no idea okay this is all
scripted Lily Lily stop and not only is
it all scripted but the main joke of the
script is that she's just repeating
everything he says like how a child does
to annoy their siblings this is a really
awesome joke because I am NOT wouldn't
this have been better if you I don't
know actually surprised him wouldn't
that have been more entertaining why
even do a segment like this if you know
it has to be a pre-recorded video where
the punchlines were written for
children oh hey a transition remember
earlier when I said Lilly Singh is into
comedian this is what I'm talking about
going through her most viewed YouTube
videos you start to understand why so
many of the jokes on her show seem to be
targeted at children I think we can make
this more relatable with the caption
because she's always targeted her jokes
at children like she used to make
sketches about parents and school and
parents and school she carved a niche
for herself on YouTube by making edgy
humor for children which is okay I guess
to do on the Internet if that's your
thing but now she's hosting a talk show
that comes on at 1:35 in the morning I
just don't get it this is why I will
never understand why a youtuber a
successful youtuber would want to go
from a job where you can essentially do
whatever you want you're beholden to
nobody you can make the type of content
you want to make to go from that to
network television the strictest
creative medium that there is Wow and if
you're Lilly why stray so far away from
the content you've proven you're capable
of making you used to do surface level
observational humor for children and now
you're hosting a talk show it just
doesn't make sense it seems like she set
herself up to fail why did she think she
could do this oh I know why it's because
youtubers think they can do anything
[Music]
if I had to choose one job where the
people who do the job have the biggest
ego in the world it would without a
doubt be youtubers and I'm including
myself in this I'm guilty of this too
there is perhaps no greater feeling for
a youtuber than to upload a video see
that it's doing well scroll through a
bunch of comments that are mostly
positive maybe even get a random text
from another youtuber whose opinion you
respect and he says great video and
you're like thanks Wow and it goes
straight to your head and you feel like
the coolest funniest smartest person on
earth and it's a great feeling it really
is but it also blinds you to reality
you're never as good as the overly
positive comments will make you seem and
you're never as bad as the negative
comments will make you seem but it's
important not to absorb that and let
that influence how you feel about
yourself even if it's good feedback it's
important not to take that on and just
have an ego that goes through the roof I
imagine this is probably what Lilly
Singh experienced for a long time for
several years she made videos that were
mostly very positively received by a lot
of people she was able to read thousands
of comments from child fans who don't
know what comedy is yet but she could
look at them and say wow I'm so talented
and funny people love me I could do
anything and now she's left the comfort
of that you to bubble and thrown herself
to the wolves and I think maybe for the
first time it's suddenly hitting her oh
my god maybe I'm not as funny as I
thought I was her entire career she's
had millions of people tell her Lilly
you're so funny you're perfect and I
think there's a chance it boosted her
confidence a little bit too much I think
ego management is something that a lot
of youtubers struggle with it's an
important part of the job filtering
through large amounts of excessively
positive comments without letting it go
to your head I know for me it's a bit of
a cycle like generally my best creative
efforts come when I'm a little down on
myself like maybe my last video didn't
do very well or I just don't feel very
funny right now so suddenly I I have an
urge to prove to people know I am funny
so I work even harder I'm inspired to
stay up all night editing something and
often time that extra effort leads to a
video that is well received and I get
all that great positive feedback again
and I start to buy into it and feel
really good about myself and then I
suddenly lose that desire to work as
hard and I just play video games for
like four days straight until I feel
like [__] about myself again and the
cycle continues so that's how my ego
usually manifests itself and I think for
a lot of youtubers it's a similar thing
where at the height of their ego
are at their worst while simultaneously
feeling invincible it's why Logan Paul
during the peak of his relevance
probably thought I could never [__] up
and then he did [__] up and it came as a
huge shock to him I think there was just
no way that YouTube was going to prepare
Lilly for the storm of hatred she's been
receiving and now she's in self-defense
mode Lilly strikes me as a kind of
person who when her abilities are
questioned resorts to bragging about her
accomplishments to validate herself to
her naysayers don't believe me here's a
compilation of that I always thought
that by 30 I would be married with a few
kids and be living in a mansion wouldn't
you getting a mansion will be the
easiest thing on that list
I actually just changed my Instagram
handle to act Lilly that's right just
the way I'm famous Maya is invite-only
which means everyone on it is either a
celebrity or an insanely beautiful
person I was invited and in the last
decade I've gained about 15 million
subscribers I've written a book as well
you've written many I've written a book
I know it's hard writing book is very
hard he can leave his family and come
live with me at my house I have a lot of
money no other talk show host or
comedian would even think about talking
like this because it comes off as so
pompous it turns people against you can
you imagine Conan coming out and doing a
monologue like guys tonight I just want
to talk a little bit about how rich I am
and I'm better than you and I'm very
tall and I'm rich I'll be crying when I
Drive him away from his parents house in
my test well no one wants to hear people
brag about how much money they make
there's nothing comedic or relatable
about that but Lilly's facing more
backlash right now than she ever has so
her instinct is to combat that by saying
things like guys I'm actually pretty
successful and this shows really good
few shows have 100% fresh ratings from
critics Kenny I don't know if you saw
but Emily you know Emily over at
cosmopolitan she said this shows
actually pretty good and so I don't know
why you don't like it I mean we all know
that ten critic ratings are more
important than over a thousand user
ratings that say the total opposite also
[__] you here's another myth
lanius gripe I have about her show she
has a segment called gift baskets where
she basically takes a few people who
have messed up in some way and she fills
a basket for them with a bunch of bad
jokes and it's a pretty good idea for a
segment but I realized after watching
them all how often the punchline is just
penis small the Golden Snitch is from a
game in Harry Potter and they're the
smallest balls in the game I got the
travel size because I can't imagine your
tiny penis would need any more than that
bears the penis you have a team of
professional writers and this is the
best they could come up with or here's
another joke I really enjoyed about
producer Todd Phillips she spitefully
points out that the first movie he ever
directed has a bad rotten tomatos score
I found this to be especially ironic
given that the movie she's calling out
has a higher audience rating than her
own show now that's funny
I will say part of me empathizes with
her she's obviously trying very hard to
make this work I think she's just in
over her head she posted a blog recently
going through a day in the life as a
head of a talk show and oh my god I got
stressed just watching it she those are
the details of a standard like 1400 or
workday where she's filming two shows
going through constant makeup and
wardrobe changes she's filming other
bits for the show she's managing a huge
staff of people that are all looking to
her for direction and it's clearly
starting to wear on her a big part of
this if I'm just kinda with all of you
if this is a lot it's like a lot to
learn I'm always tired everything I
experienced previously in my life I feel
like I experienced an out tenfold you
know before there was three people
making videos about me online now
there's a hundred people making because
about me online that are mean I kind of
feel like at this point maybe she's no
longer in denial about the show and she
knows that it's just not very good but
also she's trapped in it we're gonna do
this we're committed to this this show
needs big sweeping changes in order for
it to get better but there's no time to
do that because they're already in the
middle of making like 90 episodes so if
it's new writers that they need or a
bigger studio that they need they can't
really stop and do anything about that
right now because they're too busy
drowning trying to make the best of what
they have it's also a case where they
have shows that are airing in like
December in January that they filmed in
like August so even if they are trying
to adapt this show they can't
retroactively lis change something
that's already been written in film
except by adding more laughs this is why
patience is so important when it comes
to late-night talk shows very rarely are
they a finished product overnight I
remember when Seth Meyers started his
show he did what every other late-night
show host did and he came out and he
delivered a monologue and it was kind of
weird because everyone knew him from
this and now he's doing this and he just
wasn't very good at this and so you know
what they did they stopped doing that
they adapted the show they put him back
behind a desk they used graphics to
enhance his punchlines and now it's much
more comfortable to watch because they
tailored the show to fit the strengths
of the person hosting and this is what
desperately needs to happen to a little
late with Lilly Singh right now she's
just doing a condensed version of every
other late-night show so don't do that
change the format make it your own the
monologues are not her strengths which
makes sense because she doesn't have a
stand-up background so it's not
inconceivable that she wouldn't be
natural in this setting but if that's
the case then don't do a traditional
monologue maybe the interviews could be
longer and a little bit looser so it
doesn't feel like Mindy Kaling is being
held hostage also while I do respect her
decision not to talk about politics on
her show avoiding current events all
together kind of renders the show
pointless like whether or not you agree
with the politics of someone like Jimmy
Kimmel or Stephen Colbert there's still
a reason for people that watch these
shows because they're covering topics
that are relevant to millions of people
Lilly Singh is doing a five-minute
monologues about how her hair is long
how do you expect people to tune in and
care about that
I mean clearly they don't no one is
watching the show one of the only times
I've ever seen her trying to do
something topical was when they
referenced the okay boomer meme but the
entire segment was literally just puns
what did the guy say to his questionable
medical test results
okay tumor
team of professional writers two and a
half minutes of pun and to make matters
even worse it didn't even do well keep
in mind we're talking about someone who
has 15 million YouTube subscribers and
most of the clips on our shows channel
don't even have a hundred thousand views
universally beloved actor Nick Offerman
has a secret Talent fourteen thousand
view Nick Offerman two weeks ago on hot
ones a YouTube show 4 million views it's
almost like you don't need to be on
network television to produce high
quality content that a lot of people
will see and YouTube is a totally valid
platform where you can build a loyal
audience of supportive followers instead
of being exposed to the inevitable
criticism of a broad mainstream audience
it's almost like that because it is like
originally I was gonna end the video
there but there's one more thing I want
to talk about that I think does a good
job of summarizing both the points I was
trying to make with this video the most
frustrating thing about Lilly and what I
think will ultimately lead to the
downfall of her show is that she cannot
handle criticism since her show has
started there have been a ton of people
providing rational criticism
constructive criticism
that she just brushes off as hey dozens
of YouTube videos critiquing her show
explaining not just what's wrong with it
but also how it can be improved and her
response is imagine posting mean videos
to YouTube criticism is not mean it's
not mean to say hey I think you could be
better if you did this that's helpful
that's how you improve yes plenty of the
comments she's receiving are not helpful
at all there are people just saying you
know women aren't funny they're saying
racist [__] and that's fine to ignore
all that because those people are wrong
but you're lumping those kinds of
comments in with useful criticism and
just ignoring all of it what I've done
here is I have gathered some positive
comments the reviews are from places
like the Atlantic variety CNN decider
Cosmopolitan deadline whereas before
there were negative reviews from like
angry virgins yep that's right if you
dare dislike the great Lilly Singh then
you're just an angry verge the 3,000 or
so ratings on Rotten Tomatoes and IMDB
were written by people who've never had
sex before and that's why they're so mad
look Lily I understand it doesn't feel
good to receive negative feedback
obviously you would prefer to just have
people tell you you're great and you're
funny and everything's perfect if it's
true but if there are areas where you
can improve and you're not gonna be
honest enough with yourself to recognize
that you at least need the people around
you to be blunt and tell you how you can
get better otherwise you want and it's
concerning because in that same vlog you
said this everybody is way too nice to
mean they never want to call me out
about anything okay it's one thing to
ignore comments on the Internet that's
fair but even your staff your writers
your producers none of them are calling
you out on anything well that's a recipe
for disaster sure maybe that helps spare
your feelings in the short term but in
the long term it's gonna be the reason
your show fails because you're too
stubborn to adapt Lily thinks that
because she used to be successful on
YouTube I'll remind you by making
content for children that she knows
better than everyone else and she will
not value your opinion unless you're
saying something nice about her weird
why does that sound so familiar oh
that's right okay well good luck with
your show Lily sorry for being mean I
wanna give a huge shout out to today's
sponsor ray Khan for sponsoring this
video
guys are you tired of this me too
which is why I'm glad I started using
ray cons e 25 wireless earbuds they
sound great they feel good in my ear and
they're stylish as hell they're so
discreet I bet you didn't even notice
I've been wearing them in this entire
video please don't rewind and check just
believe one reason I find myself using
these earphones over the other
headphones I have is because I like to
listen to music as I fall asleep and as
you can probably imagine it's super
uncomfortable to have giant bulky
headphones on your head while you're
trying to lay on a pillow so popping
these in my ears sends me right to sleep
every night thanks ray Khan they're also
great for working out which is something
I did once because there's no dangling
wires and they feel super snug in your
ear not only do ray con earbuds sound as
good as other premium brands but they
also start at about how
the price and in addition to that
they've got a bunch of great Black
Friday and Cyber Monday deals going on
this weekend so check that out click a
link in the description they come in a
bunch of different styles and colors and
they currently have 14 thousand
five-star reviews so how about that get
yourself a parrot by raking calms that's
drew gooden it's a great way to get a
cool pair of headphones and also support
my channel in the process thank you to
Ray Hunt for sponsoring this video thank
you guys so much for watching it and
remember if you ever criticize someone
you will go to jail